Added: support sasl/scram authentication (#46)
Telefonica/prometheus-kafka-adapter: README.md

- `KAFKA_SSL_CLIENT_KEY_PASS`: Kafka SSL client certificate key password (optional), defaults to `""`
- `KAFKA_SSL_CA_CERT_FILE`: Kafka SSL broker CA certificate file, defaults to `""`

To connect to Kafka over SASL/SCRAM authentication define the following additonal environment variables:

> - `KAFKA_SECURITY_PROTOCOL`: Kafka client used protocol to communicate with brokers, you can set it explicitly or ignore it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `KAFKA_SECURITY_PROTOCOL`: Kafka client used protocol to communicate with brokers, must be set if SASL is going to be used, either plain or with SSL
```
